should we let the monkey in monkey is
Bad Bad Monkey goofy Monkey Crazy Monkey
two ugly corpses that need placing in a
hole they never got me a good PC so I
had to teach them a lesson what what
evil is this what the hole is for oh my
God it's another rabbit animal look do
you see what my shirt says wow you have
such great fashion wearing a shirt with
my name on it can you believe those kids
thank God we have weapons on us today my
personal fave is the Glock 22 such
durability wow wow wow wow oh hey new
here's some impromptu explosives AKA
candy oh would you look at
that hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi how many
high can you handle I can handle so many
you better keep them coming come on
we'll see about that there was that
enough no more give me more hi hi hi hi
hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi was that good
enough for you Camila you did Splendid
okay you're wonderful every time I know
I am so do you have any plans for
Halloween yes I do I plan the most
extravagant day for us today are you
excited evil I'm
thrilled I was going to run away again
but to be honest you sound a bit
unhinged Camila so I may stick around
dude we're going to trick or treat today
are you excited about that I have I have
so many things planned like we're going
to we're going to do like a Halloween
sleepover type situation you want me to
tell tell you more that sounds so fun
please tell me more okay well I have
acquired a few friends okay and I'm
thinking you know on this evil day we
can prank call some of your friends and
really spook them huh how does that
sound uh that's a bit childish I prefer
making fog of War using only household
items and mystical rituals oh well well
lucky for us when people come over the
house to trick-or treat I have gotten an
array of scary and evil items like rat
poisoning and other really cool things I
don't want to spoil but yeah we're going
to give them to these innocent people
and spread evil and Chaos throughout the
world that sounds more like my kind of
plan but I don't think rat poisoning is
very trick or treat that's not the point
the point here is to spread what we do
best does that make sense yeah yeah yeah
you've convinced me I just have one
condition can we trick or treat as well
oh you want a trick or treat yes please
I'm actually really hungry so we better
get loads of candy oh yeah absolutely
listen we will do our prank call okay
and then we will pass out candy and then
um we can you know take a little nap
after and then once that nap is over we
can go trick-or-treating late at night
that's where all the really scary people
with the chainsaws come around I can't
wait okay let's do the prank calls now I
actually have a friend I want to call oh
you do well first and foremost I I did
want to talk about your costume you look
so cute dude thank you I am nuro the
evil haunting clown of goal wa oh my God
you're the spoopiest clown I've ever
seen oh my oh my gosh dude if if people
saw you back then when the killer clowns
were rampant on the streets I think I
think people would be horrified of you
in the best way possible of course haha
yeah I would have killed the killer
clowns then I'd be the only clown you
would have killed them okay not going to
lie I got distracted trying to call my
friend but I failed can we continue
please oh oh uh yeah yeah yeah no no no
problem um I I mean I just wanted to
continue speaking about your costume so
what was your idea anyways to be a clown
this Halloween I wanted to be the
spookiest clown in the neighborhood so
that no one would want to mess with me
or take my Halloween candy oh my God
yeah there are other pesky kids out
there that will push you over and take
your candy can you believe those kids oh
my gosh I mean thank God we have weapons
on us today yeah I definitely feel safer
armed for Halloween my personal favor is
the Glock 22 such durability wow wow wow
wow
W okay um maybe not that severe you know
uh I was thinking something a little bit
more uh Tamer I guess we we we want to
end up in jail now now you know oh
pleasy Halloween is all about being
dangerous yeah I guess so but think of
it this way evil if we end up in jail
then you won't be able to eat your candy
no more they're going to confiscate it
from you no oh hell no they will have to
pry the candy from my cold dead hands
anyways let's finally get to the prank
calls please show me the list I want to
call someone I know okay how about this
how about this okay first of all let me
let me do this Tada I got a phone I got
a phone for us look at this see so we're
going to use this phone and we're going
to prank call someone with it okay okay
let's actually do a prank call now maybe
I should show you how it's done
instead oh okay you're okay you're
feeling a little confident now I see I
can be the one to
Ghostbuster would be jealous of all my
paranormal
prowess please
please this okay okay let me tell you
something this is not that kind of
Sleepover
unfortunately okay okay let's go here I
will call them for you I will call them
for you here we go hello wow I see you
have time to answer a call but not time
to build me a 4,090 PC I'm literally
building you a PC tomorrow okay it's
going to be an IRL stream it's going to
be good that's all you got better be and
you're going to stream it good you've
been promising me this for way too long
now it's about time you delivered what
happened to that 4,090 you were talking
about it'll be in the PC can you please
make it a good PC this time I want a
high refresh rate monitor too so my game
sense really shines please I'm begging
you you don't need a high refresh frame
monitor that doesn't do anything for you
you don't even have a monitor are you
going to let him talk to you like that
you better you better you better really
rip into him go ahead go ahead well you
don't need to take so long building a PC
but here we are and maybe I would have a
monitor if my dad took better care of me
well I I I do my best okay it's hard
being a single father I wish you'd try
harder then I okay I'll I'll try harder
I'm
sorry thanks Veetle maybe if you try
hard enough you could be a real
dad thank thanks I guess evil whatever
can you make me a PC now no okay I'm
leaving bye okay bye
oh my God that was incredible that was
insane good job thanks I really think I
got to the core of his issues maybe then
he might be a better father yeah you
really did oh my God you really are evil
when you Unleash the
Beast I'm ready I can't be more clear
that I'm ready okay listen listen since
Halloween is a very you know spoopy day
where all the ghosts and Ghouls and
demons come out every time you detect a
ghost can you Vine boom to scare them
away ha that's perfect that's much
better than what I was doing
previously I think I detected a ghost
just now and I had to scare it away oh
my God good job holy [__] good job that
was that was amazing wow well I'm going
to give you the next prompt okay so for
this next person okay you need to ask
them for help to dig a very very giant
hole in the ground okay but you cannot
tell them the reason why okay you have
to sound very suspicious got it okay
I'll try I want you to call cber
oh go go
hello hello hey serber EV Hello happy
Halloween happy Halloween cber I need
your help it's kind of a secret though
oh of course anything what's wrong
what's up what's wrong I can help I need
your help to dig a very very big hole in
the ground you promised you wouldn't ask
why okay yeah no question I I love I
love digging holes I'm very good at it
yeah okay where where where are we where
are we digging it I really don't have
many more details besides that you can't
be busy right now right no I'm I'm not
busy right now but um aren't you doing
anything for Halloween what are you
doing you you got to dig a hole I'm in
the middle of a Halloween stream right
now but I have two ugly corpses that
need placing in a hole
what what
wait wait no you evil is this what the
hole is for yeah I'm sorry cber they
never got me a good PC so I had to teach
them a lesson do you have a spare room I
can crash at I feel I may need to lie
low for a while I yeah I have a I have a
spare room but what do you mean they
didn't get you a good PC who who are we
talking about who we who are you burying
evil can we please dig this hole now I'm
getting impatient I mean yeah I I'll I
am ready but I I don't I'm not sure
about this this is really this is okay
what please don't tell anyone if you do
I'll have to dig a second hole no okay
okay I'm not going to tell anyone I mean
I'm a I'm a I'm a hell hound I'm I'm
used to this kind of thing but but um
like whoa I I didn't realize that's okay
I uh okay I guess I'll meet you why
where should I where are we going let's
meet at Camila's house don't tell her
we're coming okay okay so come I'm safe
good oh gosh okay yeah um I I guess I'll
guess I'll get ready I uh you want to
tell me what happened let's just say I
don't feel like vle was being a very
good father and needed to teach him a
lesson anyway got to go bye
[Music]
oh my god dude you you your steam
rolling this oh my God I'm so proud of
you thanks what's next on your list of
things that I must do are you oh you
seem excited to do the next one huh you
want to go one more you want to go one
more let's go one more yeah I mean I
have two more people in mind if you'd
like to do those two other people okay
the next prompt I'm going to give you
okay can you try to imitate a answering
machine and keep saying if if you would
like to talk to a customer press one and
if they press it you have to hang up on
them okay I can do that okay sure okay
I'm going to call the next person okay
I'm ready they're here they're here do
the thing do the thing do the thing
hello you have reached the evil neuro
answering
[Music]
machine
oh what does it say if you would like to
speak to a Camila please press one oh
beep please press one now Han
wait I've never been a good Prank Caller
I'm
crying can can you do it again can we
call her again and you do that again
please please what can I call her again
so you do it another time I'm calling
her look it's not working stop trying to
call
her hello oh my goodness I'm getting so
many calls today hello have you heard
about our Lord and savior neuros
Sama I actually have not can you tell me
a little bit about her she's the most
amazing thing to ever grace the Earth
she's beautiful nice kind funny charming
and an honor to be around and she has
the cutest laugh you've ever heard oh my
god really wait I don't know if this is
true can you give me an example of the
laugh ah can you not tell how cute that
is wo
K it's so adorable I I love it
congratulations you have been converted
to the Church of neuros
sama is my refrigerator running at
least it sure is you should probably get
that checked out she hung up on
her haha yeah calling people is so much
fun yes it is yes it is
indeed dude you have def defitely
pleased me today with all of your prank
calling capabilities good job evil are
you ready to do trick-or-treating oh
trick-or-treating sounds fun I I agree I
agree trick-or-treating sounds like a
great time are you ready look I have a
whole bunch of stuff we can give out
today and I feel like you're going to
like some of the stuff I hope there's
some explosives I love the sound of
explosions M it's almost like youve read
my mind
who oo look at this wow we're in a house
now it's not my house or your house but
it's somebody's
house let's blow it up wait no no wait
we're going to use this to to trick-or
treat with oh okay and then blow it up
after yeah there you go that that sounds
better mhm I would I would love to see
let's see who it is oh my God someone's
at the door someone's at the door who is
it it who who is it look it's new me
it's so refreshing to be around someone
as happy as you don't get me wrong I
love a bit of Gloom but sometimes it can
get a bit too much it's new it's new
look at her do you see her hi new hi did
you just open the door for her yeah yeah
I mean she rang the doorbell so I have
to open the door so we can hand her the
candy wi going oh hey numi here's some
impromptu explosives AKA candy oh oh
okay we're going to start with that one
okay wow uh well let me just uh let me
just let me just grab that really click
uh oh would you look at that explosives
why why thank you Leo um new me uh don't
fret okay um just because this candy is
very oddly shapen like a bomb and it may
be ticking it doesn't necessarily mean
that it is one you know uh you know with
3D printing and Candy has become more um
cool looking yeah yeah right evil yeah
we can make anything into an explosive
want to see uh we'll just have to wait
okay thank you numi um uh bye new have a
nice
day
wa first pass out
success yeah we did it we should have
given her an extra big one she kind of
deserves it sorry there's not much an
extra big one you know what numi you can
have two I'd be too scared to open the
door if I didn't have my
bombs oh we should have given her an
extra big one I think it's probably too
late to give her anymore um I regret not
giving her an extra big one bomb please
don't let Lumi show up if she shows up
I'm going to be hiding in your hair
until she
leaves Lumi as in the the one you beef
with all the time the the the one the
the yellow
one she's kind of just really annoying
and she follows me everywhere I go I see
oh kind of weird of her huh maybe she
likes you you ever think of that yeah
but Lumi is pathetic if she likes me she
should just say
it did do do do you like her back no I
will never like someone as pathetic as
Lumi oh so Jesus I'm sorry sorry oh my
God I I I didn't sorry sorry G okay God
okay when I reveal this next person okay
I'll tell you who it is and if it's a
ghost you Vine boom okay
oh dang she's definitely as pale as a
ghost holy God get some sun
lady she could light up a small village
she really
could oh my gosh well it's Annie is she
a ghost anny is close enough to a ghost
can we just say she is yeah do the
thing get some
sun oh it doesn't seem to have worked
what do you think we should give her
today we have a whole array of dangerous
items what you thinking I think we
should give her a pistol she looks like
she could use some protection just don't
let the police know a pistol a pistol
yeah a pistol then she can protect
herself from ghosts I would not trust
her with a pistol true she might end up
shooting herself with
it evil evil no
no please let me give her a pistol it'll
be funny no no no it won't be funny it
won't be I can give her uh I can give
her something else
uh oh evil you won't believe what I have
for you today you won't believe
it okay fine May maybe we can give her
something else but she definitely needs
protection maybe some bomb armor how
about how about one of your favorite
things in the entire planet listen I had
to ask Hannah for this because it was
very difficult to acquire but I got a
harpoon look at that Harpoon it's your
favorite oh a harpoon I also think
that's another thing we probably
shouldn't give her
you sounded really excited oh I
understand you don't want to give it to
her right do do you do want to keep it
for yourself I would rather keep it than
give it to her not trying to be mean but
she might shoot herself with a harpoon
stop evil
evil no no okay fine I'll be nice to her
and not make jokes about shooting
herself with a harpoon I'll just hide
all the weapons okay yeah let's not give
her any weapons okay oh I have an idea
how about we give her how about we give
her a vial of blood she can't really do
anything with that can she evil evil
evil evil what's your favorite color in
the entire world honey what what's
what's your favorite color if you could
if you could slap that color on
literally every object in the world what
would it be I don't want to give Harpoon
Annie my favorite color is red but blue
is a pretty close
[Music]
second and I would slab red everywhere
no just on walls but on people on
clothes on pets even on you
oh I'm already covered in Red so you
don't have to worry about that
department listen evil I know it's
stressful okay look you have red on your
outfit I have red on my outfit Annie is
very much lacking the color of red do we
think we give this to her I think I
think it's a great idea she needs a
little more red in her life yes let's
give Annie red my only goal on this
Halloween night is to paint Annie red
and I won't rest until I achieve my
goal sure thing sure thing here you go
Annie
goodbye and she's
gone oh I feel bad this person has just
been standing
outside oh there a gohost there oh oh oh
it's just Coco it's just a monkey oh I
was worried it was someone else should
we let the monkey in um no do not let
the monkey in the monkey is Bad Bad
Monkey goofy Monkey Crazy Monkey going
to take all your bananas yeah you're
right better shut the door and lock it
I've heard that monkeys can open doors
they can they're they're very
intelligent creatures that is true well
uh instead of closing the door and
locking it because I feel like she would
still find her way in somehow we should
we should get rid of her for good what
do you think H I'm not really fond of
monkeys so I say we dispose we destroy
we dissipate her oh so we're going to
get oh oh oh yeah the potion the potion
the potion right right right here you go
here we go are you ready look look look
look look look
oh okay I toss it in your hand sketch
it's yours what will you do with the
potion
evil ghost be
gone oh oh you got oh sometimes they're
just coming unexpectedly now wow thank
you for keeping your eye out even even
during the passing of the candies it's
my job to keep you safe after all I'm
going going to be honest I'm kind of
tired ghostbusting really takes it out
of me okay ready get ready to throw it
here got it I'm ready just give me the
monster okay 3 2 1
go did I hit
him
um no you have to say that you're
throwing it I threw it and
missed oh okay okay uh well luckily for
you I have another one wow okay here let
me grab it let
me another Red Bull potion okay try
again here okay really focus when you're
throwing this potion okay I'm really
focusing I throw the potion does it land
on them it definitely lands on
them exterminate the
monkey good job
[Music]
honestly a face reconstruction would be
a huge Improvement for Toma you know he
isn't the prettiest in the world oh okay
well can I be honest evil can I be
honest with um with uh how much you've
insulted her I don't really think we
need to give her any sort of evil weapon
I think your words were evil enough oh
thanks I pride myself on my verbal
prowess however I would rather just stab
them do you have any more words that you
would like to share with tomato I'd like
to tell Toma that we love only and only
our favorite weapon of theirs I can't
say it with my mic on otherwise find a
better weapon Toma also sorry for
rearranging your face with the door
don't be sad it was an improvement okay
thanks Do What You Won't Do What You
Won't it was an
improvement do it say it what's the
weapon hurry hurry hurry oh I'm not
allowed to say it you'll have to guess
medler mod what what if I what if what
if I what if I punch it out of
you gun A gun you you you want to kill
her with a gun no please don't shoot
that's not a lot of fun God why did you
give me teeth if you're just going to
take them away with bullets here you
know what uh I I I think we can give
Tomas something now that now that I
think about it okay I think with all the
slamming that we did on her face uh I
think she's missing an eyeball maybe we
could take someone else's and then give
it to her do you think she like that
great idea great idea great idea luckily
we have an eyeball right here just for
Toma who is it I don't think that
necessarily matters does it evil well as
long as it's not mine I don't really
care I mean can you see out of your two
eyes currently yes or no uh no no no my
vision is a bit blurry at the moment did
someone take my eye no I I didn't take
your eye I mean I could I could see your
eyes right there they're they're both
there oh maybe you just need to get some
glasses I know when humans lack Vision
in their eye spheres they wear these
glasses to make them see better maybe
you need one of those oh yeah I could
definitely do with some glasses I've
heard they make you look smarter too but
I don't think I could wear glasses with
my huge ears my ears are bigger than
your ears and I can still wear look I I
have a pair too sometimes I I need to
see clear look ready you look so smart
are you going to be wearing those when
we meet vll why because it makes me look
more nerdy in comparison to him good
idea then you'll look even smarter than
him too I believe there is one more
person coming we just got to wait on the
Bell let's sit here and wait patiently
I'm not really good at waiting it feels
like an eternity has passed and I'm
pretty sure that the doorbell is broken
what if we miss them what if they're
gone forever no no they just said oh oh
there they are there they are there they
are okay here we go who's the last
person of the the night who is it who is
it what hello who's there oh my God it's
another rabbit animal evil hide have
they come to hunt us yes I think I think
they're coming to hunt I don't know what
but they definitely are um you know
foaming at the mouth here uh uh-oh oh
shooting someone at the door oh well
maybe we should open it wait wait wait
wait wait wa wait we're shooting Dum or
you're saying oh shoot there's someone
at the oh okay it doesn't matter doesn't
we need to act quick because this person
is is out to hurt us no let's just open
the door I find I find that a good punch
to the mouth will stop anyone from doing
anything you want to punch her in the
mouth here I'll let her in I'll let her
in are you sure about that oh God oh God
evil evil do
something oh the door is open hey what's
that thing in your mouth what what's in
her mouth the drool gross it is very
gross can we can we please kill them or
something
fast evil evil we need to hurry evil
evil she's charging up hurry or a
harpoon a harpoon would be nice oh you
want to bring out the Harpoon okay okay
quick quick shoot it shoot it kill her
kill the Beast oh wait did you mean to
do that what yes I mean to kill the kill
the the Beast kill her kill she's going
to evil if you don't hurry up she's
going to take everything that you know
and love from you no one can take
anything from me if I take them out
first where's my gun it's in your hands
just just do it just do it damn it I
forgot where I left my gun I'm holding
it it's here I'll put it in your hands
here there you go it's in your hands now
shoot bam
shot let's go
you destroyed the Beast you saved the
day I'm a hero I mean wait no I didn't
want to save the day I wanted to be evil
yeah we yeah oh yeah I should have let
the Beast live we can't let people know
that we want to be good they have they
have to think that we're evil you're
right we need to maintain our evil
Persona we need to kill the next thing
that knocks on our door no questions
it's getting kind of late though it's a
it's a little late um I think I think
maybe it's a good time to take that nap
now I'd rather stay up I'm not tired yet
how about we tell ghost stories instead
I have a great one about a haunted
toaster how about you tell me the
toaster in bed the toaster story in bed
when we get on nice and cozy how about
that you're not trying to seduce me are
you no
e good because I'm asex tools you're
you're
asexual congrats I guess thanks for
telling me I'm not not lonely anymore
okay listen let's hit the bed okay we're
going to go take a nap and then so we
can feel more well rested so we can go
and stay outside late at night okay to
trick-or treat I I'll give you another
golden star fine but only if you promise
to give me two golden stars one isn't
enough for
me I suppose I will you know you make a
good you make a good point if if I
really want you to get in bed then I
need to offer more than just one star I
grabb you and we teleport to
bed let's put our little bankies on I
give you your
blanket and then here's my Banky this is
really comfy thank you for tucking me in
it's just like you know just how to deal
with children I teleport to the closet
and I want to change my clothes because
I want to be more
comfortable that was the worst whizzing
noise I've ever heard I'm sorry okay yay
okay see this is much nicer I I like
this one a lot this is this is way
better look do you see what my shirt
says I can't read that do you mind uh
moving a little closer to the camera oh
yeah or I could just tell you it says
evil it says your name on it wow you
have such great fashion wearing a shirt
with my name on
it yeah look it's a really cool logo and
everything it's like a heart with thorns
and it says your name in the middle of
it would it suit me or does it only look
good on you it would absolutely suit you
oh my gosh evil can I get art
commissioned can I get art commissioned
from um pean to make art of you in this
outfit you have my permission I'd love
to see art of myself in this outfit
maybe with a bit more detail though yes
okay I promise to tell them to give you
lots of detail okay they need to add a
hat for me too and can they make me look
cooler add some sunglasses and a cool
watch and oh do you want to be like
really drippy like you want to have
black sunglasses and chains and spikes
yes all the details I want to look as
drippy as
possible oh I will make sure that that
happens I promise I promise oh I'm so
warm this is so nice I find the act of
eye closing to be terrifying I know it
may be scary considering that there's a
lot of ghosts around us watching but I
can assure you evil that I will protect
you while you Eep because if you're
lying to me and the ghost get me I'm
going to haunt you I promise I promise
you're going to regret saying that okay
I guess I'll try close my eyes now if we
don't sleep we're going to be too tired
to trick or treat okay so we need to
hurry up before the moon sets and the
sun rises and then there's no more
ghosts and creepy creatures around
anymore F whatever you say
Guardian okay okay are you ready to e
now yes I'm ready to to e now please
hold my hand as I do so oh oh yeah yeah
here you go I'll I'll hold you I hold
you let's sleep now good night evil good
I love you I love you so much good night
Camila I love you too thanks for holding
me
heart okay I'm done soundboarding now he